INSTALLING and LOADING cl-cairo2

Installing cl-cairo2
====================

cl-cairo2 uses ASDF to load required components and CFFI to load the
libcairo library. Make sure that cl-cairo2.asd (and its componets, if
cl-cairo2.asd is not symliked) is in the directory listed in your
ASDF:*CENTRAL-REGISTRY*. You may also need to make sure that CFFI can find 
the libcairo library. Normally placing it in a directory searched by the
system's library loader by default, such as /usr/lib on Unix and one in the
PATH environment variable on Windows, should be suffice. For Mac you might
require additional setup. Please read README.mac for more details. 

Loading cl-cairo2
=================

You can load cl-cairo2 using ASDF:LOAD-SYSTEM command like this:

(asdf:load-system :cl-cairo2)

By default cl-cairo2.asd figures out necessary components for your system
automatically. The base component that enables the base surfaces which are
independent from the platform's rendering system (the Image surface, the PDF
surface, the PostScript surface, the PNG surface, and the SVG surface) will
be loaded always. Then depending on your platform, platform dependent
components will be loaded.

You can fine control which surfaces to enable using the cl-cairo2 specific
feature keywords called the enabling keywords. 

Enabling keyword                Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
:cl-cairo2-use-xlib-context     By default, cl-cairo2 enables the XLib image
                                context on Unix and Mac. When this keyword
								is found in *FEATURES*, cl-cairo2 enables
								the XLib context instead.

:darwin							When one of these keywords is found in
:darwin-target					*FEATURES*, cl-cairo2 enables the Qurtz
								surface. These keywords will normally be set
								in *FEATURES* automatically by the Lisp
								system on Mac.


:windows         				When one of these keywords is found in
:windows-target					*FEATURES*, cl-cairo2 enables the Win32 surface
								but does not enable the XLib surface unless
                                cl-cairo2-use-xlib keyword is also found in
                                *FEATURES*. These keywords will normally be
								set in *FEATURES* automatically by the Lisp
								system on Windows.

:cl-cairo2-use-gdk-context		When this keyword is found in *FEATURES*,
								cl-cairo2 enables the GDK context. Note that
								the GDK context requires the XLib surface,
								so the XLib surface will also be enabled.

:cl-cairo2-use-base-only		When this keyword is found in *FEATURES*,
								cl-cairo2 enables the base surfaces only and
								does not enable any other surfaces.

Normally you do not need to specify any enabling keywords, except for the
GDK context. If you want to use GDK contexts, you have to specify
:cl-cairo2-use-gdk-context explicitly in *FEATURES*.

After loading the necessary components, cl-cairo2 puts the cl-cairo2
specific keywords signifying the enabled surfaces and context. Those are
called the signature keywords.

Signature keyword               Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
:cl-cairo2-base					This keywod signifies that the base surfaces
								are enabled. This keyword will be found in
								*FEATURES* always.

:cl-cairo2-xlib					This keyword signifies that the XLib surface
								is enabled.

:cl-cairo2-quartz				This keyword signifies that the Quartz
								surface is enabled.

:cl-cairo2-win32				This keyword signifies that the Win32
								surface is enabled.

:cl-cairo2-gdk					This keyword signifies that the GDK context
								is available.

